Hover Sun
The best way to prevent illness is to avoid being exposed to this virus

Hover dog
The virus is thought to spread mainly from person-to-person. But it is possible for a pet to catch it.

Hover mask 1 (finn)
Wearing a mask is quite helpful! If you do so, please: 
wash your hands before you touch the mask, inspect the masks for damage, and 
cover your mouth, nose, and chin.

Hover girl in the middle no mask
Be wary as virus spreading respiratory droplets produced when a person coughs, sneezes or talks.
And some recent studies have suggested that COVID-19 may be spread by people who are not showing symptoms

Hover guy in back holding a net
There are ways of slowing the spread! Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds especially after you have been in a public place.
If soap and water are not readily available, use a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.
And Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.

Hover red haired girl
The minimum distance you should keep between people is 6 feet! 
Wearing a mask is great! But, cloth face covers is not a substitute for social distancing.

Hover cave 
You can take precautions at home too! Clean AND disinfect frequently touched surfaces daily. 
This includes tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks.
If surfaces are dirty, clean them. Use detergent or soap and water prior to disinfection.
Use a household disinfectant. 

Hover workout guy
Some common things to look out for are fever, cough, shortness of breath, or other symptoms of COVID-19.
And it may be a good idea to keep distance from people who are at higher risk of getting very sick to
make sure it doesn't spread to them!

Hover old man bench
Older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions may be at higher risk,
especially if not well controlled.

Hover mask 2 (red haired lady)
Before applying a mask, you should wash your hands.
Inspect the masks for damage.
Cover your mouth, nose, and chin.

Hover mask 3 (bench guy)
The prolonged use of medical masks when properly worn does not cause CO2 intoxication nor oxygen deficiency.